readme.md, before:

# ACF Flexible Content Modal

[![Donate](https://img.shields.io/badge/Donate-PayPal-green.svg)](https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_s-xclick&hosted_button_id=S3LJ44E4W8HRJ)

> Make ACF Flexible Content editing the content of each layout using a Modal window.

## Description

The button to collapse the layout's elements will be changed to a Edit button, the fields will be opened inside a Modal windows. This will let you order the list of layouts easily and to fill the fields separately.

[Plugin Page](https://wordpress.org/plugins/acf-flexible-content-modal/)

## Screenshots

Free layouts list to order easily.

![Screenshot](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/edirpedro/acf-flexible-content-modal/master/screenshot-1.png)

Modal window to fill the contents.

![Screenshot](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/edirpedro/acf-flexible-content-modal/master/screenshot-2.png)

## FAQ

### How to name each flexible content layout?

If you want to name each of the flexible content layout, you can use the ACF hook [acf/fields/flexible_content/layout_title](https://www.advancedcustomfields.com/resources/acf-fields-flexible_content-layout_title/).

Commit message:

changing click to double click. fix typos. cleanup

readme.md, after:

# ACF Flexible Content Modal

[![Donate](https://img.shields.io/badge/Donate-PayPal-green.svg)](https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_s-xclick&hosted_button_id=S3LJ44E4W8HRJ)

> Make ACF Flexible Content editing the content of each layout using a Modal window.

## Description

The button to collapse the layout's elements will be changed to a Edit button, the fields will be opened inside a Modal window. This will let you order the list of layouts easily and to fill the fields separately. You can also open the modal by double clicking on the layout.

[Plugin Page](https://wordpress.org/plugins/acf-flexible-content-modal/)

## Screenshots

Free layouts list to order easily.

![Screenshot](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/edirpedro/acf-flexible-content-modal/master/screenshot-1.png)

Modal window to fill the contents.

![Screenshot](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/edirpedro/acf-flexible-content-modal/master/screenshot-2.png)

## FAQ

### How to name each flexible content layout?

If you want to name each of the flexible content layout, you can use the ACF hook [acf/fields/flexible_content/layout_title](https://www.advancedcustomfields.com/resources/acf-fields-flexible_content-layout_title/).
